<h3>History of the Galactic Builder Universe</h3>

<p>
		

The Universe began at the star Date of 0 SD which is the intergalactic unit of time. The unit is the time taken for the planet of the Vinitipu to orbit the star Sinatron and 1SD is equal to 1.6 years 584 earth days. The universe was created by an all-powerful being that the Joefish call Jehovah which in the Joefish ancient language means ‘God of the Universe’. Then at 2944SD the Vinitipu became a type 1 civilization and 300 SDs later they developed into a type 2. Then in 2954SD the Benion became a type 1 civ and they did not get along but they traded technology with the Vinitipii. Soon after that they discovered other primitive species, a few are Gagners, Humans, Joefish and Anz. At 3550SD the Benion developed a series of fighters and cruisers that would be used for hundreds of years and they became a part of the Explorer series. 228SDs later the Vinitipii harnessed the energy of their star giving them almost unlimited power. Very soon after in the star date of 2675 SD the Slang became a type 1 civ and they started trading with the Vinitipii.
 Then in 2697 SD the Giovleono became a type 1 civ and they started trading their abundant resources of their planet with the Vinitipii and the Slang. Through this trade the Giovleono and the Vinitipii became close friends. Then in 2820 SD the Giovleono had a civil war destroying their planet and only one colony ship got away and they colonized Hortial and developed the best shields known to the galaxy to protect themselves. When they did this they did not give the tech away in fear of others discovering a way to destroy them. Then some of the Benion used technology that the Vinitipii gave them and with that tech they made a planet from colonisable to inhabitable so the Vinitipii decided that they needed to control their technology and to give it out freely. Then the Vexxors became a type one civilization in 2923SD having developed advanced robots and they started trading with the Giovleonos and the Vinitipii. 
 Now the Gagner became a type 1 civilization in the Star Date of 3983 and because of the Gagner would not agree to laws that the Vinitipu made the Vinitipu immediately disliked the Gagner and the Gagner disliked the Vinitipu. The Benions were more cautious but they did not like or dislike the Gagners. 5 SDs later the Gagner developed the Wolv series and started hunting Joefish as they had developed a taste for them but the Joefish destroyed one of the Gagners ships in the and reverse engineered the design putting them to Type 1 at the Star Date of 4118. But even after becoming type 1 the Joefish were still being hunted by the Gagners and so the Vinitipu gave the Joefish the hyper drive causing the Joefish to leap frog in front of the Gagners in tech and economy. Now a new species became type 1, they were the Haxxors came from the same system as the Vexxors and they enslaved the Vexxors and because of diplomatic tension between the Gagners and the Benions, the Benions did not send reinforcements but the Slang were disturbed and so they sent a strike team to help them. Very soon after that the Crazious Joious became a type 1 civ and because they were trapped by the Gagners it was incredibly difficult to trade with the other peace loving nations thus slowing the economy. During this time, they developed better weapons to defend against the Gagners if they were forced into war. Then at the star date of 4242 Anz became a type 1 civilization. Seeing this new species, the Gagners tried eating one but died in the process so instead they started to enslave them at the star date of 4245. 
The Benions saw an oppertunity to gain power through what the Gagners were doing so they looked at the size of the Gagners fleet to theirs and their tech levels but the Vinitipii said to wait until they had tried diplomacy and so they attempted to use diplomacy to stop the Gagners. When that did not work the Vinitipii reluctantly permitted the Benions to declare war in the star date of 4248. In doing this the Vinitipii split into two factions, the Vinitipii and the Vicious Vinitipu. This happened because the Vicious Vinitipii thought that they should go and help the Benions but when they split the Vicious Vinitipu moved to a planet near the Gagners and offer to help the Gagners, but the Gagners killed most of the Vicious Vinitipii. The Benions expected the war to end quickly as they thought that their military might was more powerful so the sent half their fleet which was 10 J-3 class cruisers, 10 J-1 class cruisers and 50 S-3 class star ships they were quickly destroyed by the Gagners massive fleet that they had hidden on the other side of the galaxy. The Gagner fleet was 1 J-9, 2 J-7, 4 J-6, 8 J-3, 1 J-2 and 300 S-9s. Alarmed the Slang started building J-9, J-7 and J-5 cruisers but the Gagners destroyed the military production facilities. Having revealed this fleet, the Joefish decided to join the war in 4250SD knowing that if the Gagners won the Joefish would be farmed and put into slavery by the Gagners. This was a bad idea as the Joefish only had 2 J-3 class cruisers and 20 J-2 class cruisers which are not designed for war but instead as a defence. Thus, the Benions were losing the war and there was nothing they could do about it.
 Weilder was then taken in 4262 after a long battle over Weilder, the Joefish forces consisted of a few fighters and the Gagner fleet was massive, Weilder was taken back 10 SDs later by the Vinitipu ground force which was larger than the Gagners force, but the Gagners had already taken massive amounts of resources causing the Gagner fleet to be massive. Soon after this the Joefish developed the K series which had fighter’s superior to the Gagners fighters in every way except speed. With these new fighters, the Joefish, now called Galactic Peace, in 4278 SD repelled a force of Gagner ships that were ten times the strength. With this new force Galactic Peace protected the Benions long enough for them to make a J-9 class cruiser to protect the new ship yards. Then, in 4292 SD, Anz joined the war with a series they designed called the O series, they had a 200-strong force of S-7 fighter that were designed to be low armour but high speeds. Thus, for the first time the war was moving in the Benions’ favour. Five years later the Gagners destroyed the Anz planet with a planet borer, when this happened the Slang decided that they would use teleportation to destroy the enemy. So, they made a J-10 class cruiser and put on it a teleporter to teleport bombs into the enemies’ ships. Then in 4315 SD Admiral Rayoon, that commanded the Anz, Galactic Peace and 
Benions fleets, ambushed the Gagners in the System of the primitives Humans and they crippled the Gagners fleet. Then 1 SD later Admiral Rayoon took over Gag1 from the Gagners and they started a ground attack force that was led by Commander Mek, an Anz general. The planet of Gagnese was then taken over 2 SDs later. Thus, the war was ended in 4318 SD. Then in 4322SD the Vexxors defeated the Haxxors by making robots that were superior to the Haxxors and the robot captured the Haxxors where they were put under the court system on the home planet of the Vinitipii the Haxxors on Norse Koera and the few that escaped went back to their highly polluted planet Chani. 
2 SDs later the Benions started enforcing Galactic Law that the Vinitipii made so that another war like this would never happenand they also used this to gain power by inforcing a tax. After the war the Anz moved to Earth to live with the Humans in secret as to protect them from the Gagners. In 4459 Humans become a type 1 civilization with the help of the Anz thus causing the Anz to colonies another planet 5 SDs later. Very soon after the Humans developed the MOD series and started mass producing Pii fighters. Seeing this the Benions got nervous and started to make more fighters. Seeing the Benions make more fighters the Gagners thought that they were going to destroy them and so in fear they threatened the Slang not to make more fighters or the planet Earth would be destroyed. The Benions, not thinking that the Gagners could do so, ignored them and so the Gagners moved their planet borer into position to destroy earth but the Humans seeing this sent all their Pii fighters to take down this ship but the Gagners were too technologically advanced to be stopped by an attack of 20,000 Pii fighters. The reason Humans had a force this large is because they were civilian ships that were designed to be used for anything and in times of need they could be used as fighters. Then they send one last attempt at destroying the planet borer by sending 200,000 Pii fighters. The planet borer was destroyed by Joseph and he was recruited into Galactic Peace a year later. Only 1000 Pii fighters survived.
 2 SDs after this happened Galactic Peace sought to remove control from the Benions who, since the war had happened, had been using the power for personal gain. So, Galactic Peace came along and said to the Vinitipii that they should make a petition for a galactic order with leaders from each nation controlling the massive fleets of all the nations. These leaders would vote on laws and decide what the penalty of offending nations. The Benions not agreeing to this moved all their fleets above Weilder and they prepared for a ground assault when all the other fleets came into the system threatening to activate an EMP that was powered by a yellow energy band that would disable the Slang fleets. Then Galactic Peace moved their fleet around the human ship. Galactic Peace then asked the Vinitipii if they could come into system with a neutral ship to do peace talks. Vinitipii not wanting a war agreed to the Joefishes request. Thus, above Weilder a treaty was signed which is galactically known as the Free Nations Movement or the FNM. Then in 4465SD the first Meeting of the Justice Order or JO happened with the following nations apart of it, Galactic Peace, the Vinitipii, the Slang, the Vexxors, the United Nations of Earth, the Gioleono, the Crazious Joious, the Anz and the Benions. At this meeting the Slangs fleets and Galactic Peace’s fleets were moved into the JOF (Justice Order Fleets) under the command of Joseph the human.




		</p>