<h2>Slang</h2> 
<h3>General info</h3>
<p>Slang means Snake in the Slang’s language. The Slang has a king called Slang Koning who controls all the slang. All the Slang can talk to other Slang’s or even other races and animals in their minds. The Slang are a very strong race in all things like war, technology, farms, education, weapons, and space ships. Slang are Snake people that are about 7 feet tall they have arms but instead of legs they have tails. Slang come in a few distinct colours’ green is the most common colour, red is very uncommon and is respected, black is very rare and highly respected.
</p><h3>History</h3>
<p>
 Then in 2954SD the Slang became a type 1 civ and they got along with the Vinitipii and shared technology. At 3550SD the Slang developed a series of fighters and cruisers that would be used for hundreds of years and they became a part of the Explorer series. Then some of the Slang used technology that the Vinitipii gave them and with that tech they made a planet from colonisable to inhabitable so the Vinitipii decided that they needed to control their technology and to give it out freely. 
 Now the Gagner became a type 1 civilization in the Star Date of 3983 and the Slang were cautious but they did not like or dislike the Gagners. The Slang were disturbed by what the Gagners were doing so they looked at the size of the Gagners fleet to theirs and their tech levels but the Vinitipii said to wait until they had tried diplomacy and so they attempted to use diplomacy to stop the Gagners. When that did not work the Vinitipii reluctantly permitted the Slang to declare war in the star date of 4248. The Slang expected the war to end quickly as they thought that their military might was more powerful so the sent half their fleet which was 10 J-3 class cruisers, 10 J-1 class cruisers and 50 S-3 class star ships they were quickly destroyed by the Gagners massive fleet that they had hidden on the other side of the galaxy. The Gagner fleet was 1 J-9, 2 J-7, 4 J-6, 8 J-3, 1 J-2 and 300 S-9s. Alarmed the Slang started building J-9, J-7 and J-5 cruisers but the Gagners destroyed the military production facilities. Having revealed this fleet, the Joefish decided to join the war in 4250SD knowing that if the Gagners won the Joefish would be farmed and put into slavery by the Gagners. This was a bad idea as the Joefish only had 2 J-3 class cruisers and 20 J-2 class cruisers which are not designed for war but instead as a defence. Thus, the Slang were losing the war and there was nothing they could do about it.
 Weilder was then taken in 4262 after a long battle over Weilder, the Joefish forces consisted of a few fighters and the Gagner fleet was massive, Weilder was taken back 10 SDs later by the Vinitipu ground force which was larger than the Gagners force, but the Gagners had already taken massive amounts of resources causing the Gagner fleet to be massive. Soon after this the Joefish developed the K series which had fighters superior to the Gagners fighters in every way except speed. With these new fighters, the Joefish, now called Galactic Peace, in 4278 SD repelled a force of Gagner ships that were ten times the strength. With this new force Galactic Peace protected the Vinitipii long enough for them to make a J-9 class cruiser to protect the new ship yards. Then, in 4292 SD, Anz joined the war with a series they designed called the O series, they had a 200-strong force of S-7 fighter that were designed to be low armour but high speeds. Thus, for the first time the war was moving in the Slangs’ favour. Five years later the Gagners destroyed the Anz planet with a planet borer, when this happened the Slang decided that they would use teleportation to destroy the enemy. So, they made a J-10 class cruiser and put on it a teleporter to teleport bombs into the enemies’ ships. Then in 4315 SD Admiral Rayoon, that commanded the Anz, Galactic Peace and Slang fleets, ambushed the Gagners in the System of the primitives Humans and they crippled the Gagners fleet. Then 1 SD later Admiral Rayoon took over Gag1 from the Gagners and they started a ground attack force that was led by Commander Mek, an Anz general. The planet of Gagnese was then taken over 2 SDs later. Thus, the war was ended in 4318 SD.
2 SDs later the Slang started enforcing Galactic Law that the Vinitipii made so that another war like this would never happen. Seeing that the Humans were mass producing Pii fighters the Slang got nervous and started to make more fighters. Seeing the Slang make more fighters the Gagners thought that they were going to destroy them and so in fear they threatened the Slang not to make more fighters or the planet Earth would be destroyed. The Slang, not thinking that the Gagners could do so, ignored them and so the Gagners moved their planet borer into position to destroy earth but the Humans seeing this sent all their Pii fighters to take down this ship but the Gagners were too technologically advanced to be stopped by an attack of 20,000 Pii fighters. The reason Humans had a force this large is because they were civilian ships that were designed to be used for anything and in times of need they could be used as fighters. Then they send one last attempt at destroying the planet borer by sending 200,000 Pii fighters. The planet borer was destroyed by Joseph and he was recruited into Galactic Peace. Only 1000 Pii fighters survived.
</p>